---
title: Dat Conference 2020
layout: layout
---

## Dat Conference 2020

Virtual peer to peer event about local-first tech and meetup space for everyone interested in the decentralized web.

- _Date:_ **July 30/31, 2020**
- _Location:_ **Worldwide (Online)**

Dat is an ecosystem and community of peer-to-peer projects. In this first, virtual Dat conference, we want to connect people involved in the community and in the surrounding space. We’ll provide the infrastructure, a website and a schedule, and we’ll try to assist with technical needs for special sessions.

However, filling this space will be up to all of you, the participants! If you want to do introductions and presentations there will be a channel dedicated just for showing looped, pre-recorded videos. For the actual conference, we’re looking for all kinds of ideas such as sessions on how to foster collaboration, inclusiveness and knowledge sharing, thoughts on experimentation and other discussions. Potential formats could include workshops, technical deep dives, VR meetups, collaborative livecoding - be creative!

Let’s share our approaches and talk about the present and the future of local-first technology and applications.

Please submit your ideas using [this submission form][gform-submissions]. Submissions will stay open until **June 1st, 2020** _(23:59 PST)_, _with a probable deadline-extension ;)_. 

If you have any questions or want to discuss your ideas in advance, please just come by [at a comm-comm meeting](https://github.com/datproject/comm-comm/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ameeting) or come to our [public chat channel](https://dat.foundation/community/chat/).

[Submit a proposal!][gform-submissions] {.submission-link-btn}


  [gform-submissions]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSed1kHTAqgN7DvttNCEk8_BzuQvrqS3-eEJoCWS-T7wu5DqGw/viewform
  [new-propsal-ghissue]: https://github.com/datproject/public-events/issues/new?assignees=&labels=proposal&template=proposal.md&title=

